Half our way from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Asian stocks dropping
with Chinese assets facing pressure as
we approach the open. You have fresh
trade tensions between the US and China,
but a bounce in US futures suggests
investors are pulling back from worst
case scenarios with President Trump
opening the door to a deal. China
warning of retaliation and urging
further talks after Trump announced his
plans on double tariffs on Chinese goods
along with sweeping curves on critical
software. Stay tuned for top insights on
the trade war and markets throughout the
program. Plus, the NBA returns to China
working to rebuild its brand even as
geopolitical tensions continue to rise.
[Music]
Monday morning from the Asia Pacific.
Welcome to the show. Hope you're all
well. Uh looking at the approach to the
open is a bad one. It could have been
worse given the latest lines coming
through and the opening of that door. Of
course, perhaps a path towards a deal.
All that being said is just to say that
we are expecting Chinese markets as you
can see on your screens to play some
massive catch down uh given where
markets traded into the weekend. Flip
the page please if you want to get an
indication of course of some of these
ETFs in the US or the big names. So you
have uh ASX well you have the CSI 300
tracker uh on your screens. We were down
4 and a half% this is as of Friday just
take note crane shares maybe at play on
tech and we were down closer to 8 9% in
some of the big tech names. This is on
Friday right now. The good news is and
us pulling back from the edge is really
some of the rhetoric coming through out
of Donald Trump before he got on Air
Force One about 3 hours or so back. He
says the November one is still going to
happen, but he is confident that they
could he could hammer out something.
Asia Pacific stocks coming up on your
screens. Take note, Japan is shut.
Although the poll we're getting today is
as of this opening in Taiwan, we're down
3%. Six stands of 1%. But the good news,
as you can see, is the yen is on the
weaker side of things. And of course,
S&P futures are catching a bid Monday
morning. Very quickly, gold, oil,
copper, and crypto hit massively, of
course, and we are seeing some green on
your screen, which I guess is indicative
of this um slash dant we're getting as
far as this risk selloff is concerned.
Just very quickly, uh so we're looking
at 2 3% right, going into the open today
decline. So the 50-day moving average is
going to be very much in focus today.
that's coming up very very shortly
because currently we are we closed above
just about 3% above that level. We'll
see whether we test this and whether or
not we bounce across this support. Yeah,
you got to wonder, right? Is this just
political noise? Is just posturing ahead
of this APEC meeting and whether, you
know, does it put in doubt now whether
these presidents could actually meet in
Korea? Certainly, that is a big
question, but you mentioned in fact, you
know, there is a bit of buffer given
what we heard from those uh Trump
comments overnight. And it seems like in
some ways, you know, markets are taking
this at least in some cases dry. You
see, you do see a bit of cash now as you
mentioned, but there are nuances where
people are looking past this here right
now in terms of what to watch in the
agenda. as we talk about where things
stand in the US, China trade talks here
right now, the national team ETFs,
whether we do see any sort of buying
from that end, gold mining stocks of
course and basically anything that's
really risk related here this morning.
Uh trade data we're still expected
coming through for September. So
interesting to see how those numbers uh
feel and how strong really the export
side of things uh continues to be. That
rem could be quite telling today given
some of the FX moves we've seen and of
course offshore highore as well.
>> Yeah, lots to watch going into the open
today. Also in the last 30 minutes just
to mention of course we're looking at
shares of China Vancou following the
resignation of the chairman. Right now
back to the top story. So on Friday had
President Trump upping the rhetoric as
far as trade tensions go. You had a
statement coming out of China on Sunday
Ministry of Commerce and then a few
hours back President Trump as we were
just alluding to there uh pulling back
ever so slightly from the edge. Let's
bring in Minman Low of course a China
correspondent. She's with us out of
Shanghai uh this morning to help us
understand where we are. amendment. Can
I just bring you in here? Then we'll
talk about some of what we've heard so
far. So, get us up to speed here.
>> Yeah. Well, this morning, President
Trump appears to be offering an offramp
to China, right? He praised President
Trump. Uh President President C on Truth
Social. He said, "Don't worry about
China. Highly respected President C just
had a bad moment." Uh he doesn't want
depression for his country. Neither do
I. The USA wants to help China. We're
hearing similar tones from JD Vans on
Fox News as well. He's calling on China
to take the reasonable path here, saying
the US will also be reasonable if China
is as well. But so far, I've been in
Shanghai over the weekend and I've been
speaking to people here from the private
sector, from official circles, and also
from what we're seeing on Chinese state
media as well. It seems like the sense
I'm getting here is that China feels the
US is acting on bad faith and the US
credibility is at stake because there
appears to be this implicit
understanding after the Madrid talks
that both sides are going to keep things
calm until Trump and C meets. And there
was a clear warning from President C in
his phone call to Trump that any
unilateral actions could undo the
multiple rounds of trade talk so far.
But look what happened over the weekend.
the Chinese commerce ministry officially
defending at its actions saying the US
was the one that took new restrictive
measures. The first big one came just
about 10 days after that C Trump phone
call when the US expanded the rules
around the entity list and that really
kickstarted this whole spiral of China
uh tightening the news on rare earths
both sides imposing those shipping
leveies on each other's vessels docking
in each other's ports. Uh and that's
where we are today.
Yeah, it seemed it brings us back almost
a throwback to what happened back in
April, right? Markets in some parts of
it at least are feeling it. I I want to
bring up that that sound bite from the
president who just spoke about you
opening the door still to a trade deal.
Let's listen in.
>> I think we're going to be fine with
China. Look, I have a great relationship
with President Xi. He's a very tough
man. He's a very smart man. He's a great
leader for their country. He's a great
leader and I have a great relationship
with him. I think we'll get it set. I
know what happened. I really understand
what happened and I'm not even saying
he's wrong. But then we met him with
something much tougher than what he did
to us. Again, because of the tariffs,
it's much tougher.
>> You mentioned tariffs. So, we're talking
about 100% tariffs. Now, once again,
what are the implications, Mman, for the
Chinese economy? And what other options
does China have at this point?
>> Well, obviously the biggest implication
is on trade, right? It has the potential
to uh just rupture all trade between US
and China and US uh importers will have
to find other sources of supplies. Uh so
that's the big implication here. But I
want to point out so far China's actions
the rare earth's control especially is
the strongest attempt by China yet at
long armed jurisdiction because it
applies to overseas exporters of goods
that contains even trace elements of
Chinese rare earths. Now, if that sounds
familiar, it's because it's similar to
the FDPR rule that the USS foreign
direct product rule, which the US used
to apply uh on China to restrict its
access to US technology when it comes to
semiconductor equipment that are made
outside of the US. So, it's China's
first attempt or the strongest attempt
yet at this extra territorial role. Um,
and that's a big leverage that China
has. And the Chinese commerce ministry
over the weekend clarified that this is
an export control. It's not a ban. There
is a clear signal here that there is a
space to dial down tension because
they're saying they're willing to work
with countries to smooth things over uh
to to allow stable flows of those rare
earths if they work together with one
another. So, we have until November 1st,
about a couple of weeks from now, for
both sides to dial down tension. But, of
course, China also has other tools in
its toolbox. it is able to disrupt other
economic engines of chi of the US. You
think about Apple trying to diversify
its supply chain out of China, but so
far that's been stalled by Beijing
restricting Apple's ability to work with
the likes of Foxcon and other Chinese
contra contractors that are key to
Apple. And here's what one uh uh
businessman uh that was here in Shanghai
over the weekend had to say about the
impact of tariffs. Have a listen.
We have to see how tariffs sort of sort
of come out at the end of the day. We'll
see what happens particularly with the
negotiation between the US and China.
Having said that, what that all that
does is delay things. I mean, people
when there's an uncertainty, they don't
make I'm talking about the advertising
industry now. They don't they don't make
decisions as quickly as they should do
or they postpone making a decision
because they're uncertain about the
results. So, it's not good news.
>> That was Sir Martin Sorel, who is the
head of a global advertising agency, and
he tells me he's still bullish on China
because he's confident that the Chinese
companies are agile enough to shift with
the global trade flows as you can see
from the trade data today. Expectations
are we're going to see an increase in
trade year on year in September.
>> All right, Mim, thank you. Mother, our
China correspondent joining us out of
Shanghai here this morning. Let's bring
our next guest, Jikai Chen, head of
Asian and global EM equities at BMP
Paraba Asset Management. JKai, it's
great to have you here in our studios.
Um, you know, does it feel like it's
almost like brings us back to 6 months
ago and and really this back and forth
and tip for tat that we're seeing
between US and China and what do you do
in terms of investments now?
>> I don't think it's avoidable, right? I
think we've been in this uh particular
type of uh watching for news flow,
watching for any tariff news overnight
since pretty much November of last year.
I think uh this is a new um phase shall
we say. I think a lot of the large
economies have reached tariff deals with
the US administration. I think this is
the biggest one that's still
outstanding. And I think about a week or
two before this uh latest uh uh warning
from President Trump, we saw that uh
there was probably some signs of
deterioration. You saw that both
countries were looking to ratchet up
further controls about exports to each
other or sensitive technology and
obviously China had a new uh regulations
on the rare earths uh as mentioned
earlier like even trace amounts will now
be controlled. I think that probably
rattled uh a little bit of the US
administration in terms of what they
wanted to do and hence the warning on
Friday. Marcus really sold off. We
probably will follow a little bit today,
but uh earlier today before he left for
the Middle East, we obviously saw a
little bit of a deescalation with the
possibility of a deal or meetings.
>> Yeah,
>> I think it's also important to note that
uh why he chose November 1st. Um I think
we forgot that the AP pack meeting is in
so uh at the end of this month and I
believe the last day is November 1st for
the leaders meeting. So perhaps this
lays the groundwork for some
negotiations behind the ground and
perhaps a personal meeting face to face
between two leaders and uh we just have
to wait and see. Unfortunately we are
held um to these type of events if you
will investing right now
>> right that we're likely going to get a
gap lower at the open
>> to your point. So would you would you
buy this today's dip? Would you wait two
weeks? What's the what's the short-term
view from an asset manager?
>> We probably we do not make a lot of
short-term trades if you will. I think
this is something that we've been
watching for since uh well beginning of
year. I think one of the as I mentioned
earlier this is one of the big ones
that's still missing in terms of
tariffs. Initially you thought that we
have until like mid November to decide
but I think this is something that is
coming to fall now. I think the markets
will adjust. We are relatively well
positioned I think in terms of where we
are right now. We're not making uh we're
not looking to make making any knee-jerk
moves ahead of this news.
>> It's coming at a time when China markets
are you know this slow bull run has been
doing very well
>> in some ways. Do you think there's any
risk of this being upended now in the
China market especially when it comes to
these big beta plays that people have
been really kind of piling into?
>> Hard to say. I think from uh where we
are here from beginning of the year
obviously has been a great run in
Chinese equities a lot of the large caps
have gone up a lot. I think this is
reflection of the fact that at the very
beginning of the year a lot of investors
were really underweight uh Chinese
equities if you will then with the
deepse moment seems so long ago and then
and it is raised a new uh further of
investment into Chinese uh equities to
see if there's any alternative
investment s uh destination if you will
for AI um exposures I think this will
probably continue if you will I think
most investors now are probably neutral
but I wouldn't say that a lot of people
are very overweight Chinese equities and
obviously what has happened uh in the
last quarter or so has also caught the
eyes of domestic investors they're also
piling in. So we just have to see uh uh
today's correction and see what the
markets react to it and uh wait for
further news between the two
administration in terms of where the
terrorists will end up. J Kai Chen of
course we'll have more with him in a
couple of minutes get into of course
some of his other conviction calls ahead
of Asian and also global EM equities at
BNP power asset management also ahead
here on shows much more on these renewed
US China trade tensions and really what
a reminder from Friday as you can see we
have a great lineup of speakers coming
up out of Goldman Sachs HSBC Lotus Asset
and also the head of China practice at
Eurasia Group joins us at those times
well throughout the course of this
morning count to the open of trade
Shanghai Shenzhen and here in Hong
Futures are pointing substantially lower
this Monday morning. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Welcome back. Right. So the remn of the
day is out. This is important because
this does give the PBOC maybe an
opportunity to backs stop some risk uh
risk appetite today. As you can see,
we're now stren stronger in the Chinese
currency. Uh we still have trading at
about 713 handle though 710 is the
midpoint of the day coming through out
of the Chinese central bank.
>> Yeah Jai Chen is still with us here out
of Asian and global EM equities at BNB
paraba asset management. We're just
talking about some of you know parts of
this kind of China rally that still
remain quite strong. I mean you've made
some adjustments though when it comes to
the consumption space and the like. Tell
us a little bit more what you've done.
So since beginning of the year we've
taken some of the consu uh consumer
discretionary space uh particularly on
the concern that there's more
competitions going through as you know
one of the big companies decided to
enter several uh um lines of competition
and that's led to quite a bit of concern
about how the margins are going to look
for some of the e-commerce companies. So
we have dowed some of those uh exposure
back in discretionary and put them into
some of the IT hardware space to take
advantage of the fact that post the
deepseat moment we have seen the
hyperscalers in the US continue to ramp
up the capex capex uh going into AI
continues to exceed people's
expectations and that's obviously quite
positive for Asia because at the end of
the day we are the a uh AI supply chain
for the rest of the world. So that has
been helpful uh so far this year.
>> The that's interesting given to your
point you know people have been trying
to figure out how to best play AI in in
China and I think for the last let's
call it four weeks or so some of the
platform companies became those proxies.
>> Yes.
>> Um you so you think hardware is the best
way to play that as far as China China
goes. I think hardware is one area we
are confident that when we do the
numbers and look into the structural
flows we can at least hang on to the
fact that you know the capex are coming
through and the capex will need to be
spent and some of these companies in our
economies particularly in North Asia
will be the one to benefit from this
increased order flows um that the likes
that we've seen in South Korea as well
in Taiwan as economy basis in China is a
bit more tricky I think there's still uh
quite a bit of advancement definitely in
terms of AI models
put up by the large platform companies.
But at the same time, it's not easy to
basically identify a a stream of revenue
that's going to come through from some
of these companies at this point in time
directly related to AI. So we are
positioned in there and we are
benefiting from some of those
appreciation on prices that we've seen
so far. But right now it's not easy
still to find like say tie the AI team
to the AI revenues flow in some of these
Chinese companies right now. and tell us
a bit about the the pool of you know
investments. I mean does it look like
it's just quite limited to names that we
don't really know at this point? I mean
you talk about this kind of scarcity
premium.
>> Yeah, there's definitely a big scarcity
premium some of the uh local uh AI chip
companies, right? So we've taken a look
at a couple of them and the multiples
are really quite breathtaking. Some of
those names are trading at 300 times PE.
when I look at the world leaders uh in
terms of AI chip design um they're
nowhere close that right and some of
these companies are probably still
barely profitable breaking even if you
will next year so it's very difficult
for us to basically take the leap of
faith and basically go into some of
these domestic more domestic oriented AI
names at this point in time
>> do you have enough quality information
on those companies I think we you know
Ivon and I were joking about this I
think about one or two months back you
know a name like Cambercon for example
no one had really talked talked about it
in you know to this extent and then here
we are trying to understand what the
company does what they do and to what
extent you know as someone on the buy
side do you think you have enough
salesside support as it pertains to that
cohort of uh that ecosystem
>> still very new I would say I think the
sales side also busy doing their work on
some companies like this but as you can
see this some this is something that's
quite new again it seems so long ago but
this basically took off after deepseat
moment in terms of like a perhaps a
Chinese alternative stream in terms of
AI design, AI models. They've already
proven themselves in AI models. Then
there's question mark is their ability
to liprock or have a breakthrough on the
chip design part. So far, I think the
jury is still out on that uh at this
particular point.
>> Yeah. And it's interesting too. I mean
what what's different this time around
you know I'm looking broadly speaking in
terms of uh em is that it seems like the
feds resumed this rate cut cycle and
which is something that we you know is
quite interesting in the face of all
these geopolitical risks is that is that
still a very supportive sort of um
narrative to kind of continue to to lean
into risk at the moment
>> I think it is to a certain extent right
if u if you look back uh in November of
last year there was a lot of complicated
issues that's going on one the labor
market was starting to soften but
inflation numbers were still quite
strong. So the Fed basically we pause
and we've been on pause until the last
meeting where they resumed the rate
reduction um uh process and this is
helpful generally speaking for emerging
economies because for emerging economies
a weaker dollar in a resilient US
economy tends to be quite okay setup
because the overall demand is still all
right from the US consumer which uh is
the largest consumer base in the world
still and it also allows a lot of the
emerging markets central banks to have a
little bit more flexibility in terms of
managing their domestic uh interest rate
to mitigate uh any potential economic
slowdown because they don't have to
worry as much on their currency uh
compared to the US dollar. So I think
this setup is still pretty good uh for
emerging markets right now.
>> Kai Chen, fantastic. Thank you so much.
And yeah, um I guess you guys are going
to sit this one out for today as far as
the the gap lowers.
>> I'll treat you today.
>> Yeah, there it goes.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah, could control one's emotions given
a day like today. Jan, fantastic. Thank
you so much. Head of Asian and Global EM
equities at BMP Parba Asset Management.
Yep. Hanging index 2 and a half% lower
650 points to the downside in terms of
market breath. It that should be also
quite negative as far as that is
concerned. So, we are going into a
riskoff session. How long that lasts,
who knows? We'll find out. A full
preview is coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
As expected, equity markets are somewhat
falling out of beds. Uh let's see to
what extent and whether or not we'll get
buying coming through to support these
markets. But yes, this catched on trade
not just in Hong Kong, but we're seeing
that in the likes of Korea and also in
Taiwan today uh really on the back of
this reescalation of trade tensions.
>> And what is falling the most is you know
the winners of this rally, right? You
take a look at the the beta stocks like
like the big tech that certainly is the
one where we're seeing the biggest blow
uh when it comes to HStech here this
morning. There you go. Alibaba's down
close to 4% here right now. 3% losses
for Tencent and JD.com. We're also
focusing on the domestic chip space
given that this is kind of where that
leveraging sort of options or tactics
are really are rare earth versus really
chips at this point. And there you go.
You are seeing the likes of SMIC,
Huahong, Semi uh also who have been
darlings in this whole market as well
are also down by 2 to 3% here right now.
We're focusing on some of the rare earth
stocks. You saw some of the Aussie ones
already react to some of these news
here. But there you go. You are seeing
the likes of Ganthan Lithium down some
5%. CL8 shares also seeing drops of
similar measure. We're down 28 uh bucks
there right now. So there you go. And
gold miners, right? Let's talk about
Vanka first. So there was actually some
news on the corporate side of that one.
Chairman resigning. Uh we're taking a
look at the stock in particular. There
you go.
>> Down five.
>> Down some 5% uh as well. So still there
is some news to kind of look into this
all this uh in the face of all these
kind of geopolitical noise. Gold miners
though also we're focusing on here
today.
>> Yeah. because you most of the indicators
of of risk appetite today actually
started to pick up but obviously gold
has been dancing to its own tune and
it's actually seeing more upside as we
speak. So we're John trading back above
4,000. It's mixed across some of the
gold plays. It's hard to sort of uh uh
split up uh what we're seeing as far as
the actual miners are concerned given
how far some of these names have
actually rallied. Uh the same can be
said about Vano which actually also did
see some downside as Ivan is pointing
out down to maybe that news and now to
baby the uh risk aversion that's out
there across these markets. Hensing
index down about 2 and a half% as we
approach the opening bail. All but two
stocks are actually down going into the
open today. The opening bell coming up
next. This is the China show. Good
morning.
[Music]
announcement. Yes,
>> welcome back. You're watching the China
show and yeah, we're down about 2% on
A50 futures. We're down two and a half
on the Hen index. In your pre-markets,
this massive cash down trade we're
seeing just about across the region.
Japan is shut although similar move in
futures there on the nicke futures
though are pointing to some stability
going into the rest of the session but
all that said we'll we are expecting to
see a gap lower at the open this
adjustment coming through out of this
renewed flare up uh in trade
conversations here
>> and we watch all the proxies right
whether it is the chip space rare earth
space soybeans you know all the like of
really kind of what to measure how to
look at these latest escalation which
was sudden uh we weren't expecting this
given that we've been in this whole kind
of trade truths for for months now and
all of a sudden it feels like it's April
all over again, at least sentiment-wise.
But then again, we talked about
President Trump, JD Vance, the vice
president, also speaking over the
weekend, just trying to dial down the
temperature just a little bit before his
trip to the Middle East. President Trump
did mention that they are still leaving
the door open when it comes to some sort
of trade deal as well. And we still have
a couple more days until of course APEC.
There you go. We're still seeing though
a massive sort of gap lower when it
comes to the onshore market. CSI 300
we're down close to 2 and a half% here
right now. You are seeing that kind of
rush into some of the CGB space. So
bonds are catching a bit here this
morning. The 30-year yield is down some
four basis points as well. You take a
look at though commodities are also kind
of falling out of bed. Shanghai crude is
down some 3%. Copper is also down 2 and
a.5%. And you are some seeing that some
of these big cap names like CL asshares
are down some 3% here right now. And
we're focusing a little bit more when it
comes to Hong Kong. it it is that sort
of tech exuberance is now at risk
possibly just given that these were kind
of the leaders of this rally and there
you go a tech is down some 2% uh given
the fact that we are seeing these fresh
threats when it comes to export curves
in AI in chips and the like from the US
that's the first time that we are
reacting to this here uh in China right
so there you go uh you are seeing when
it comes to the big names like Alibaba
is down close to 4% 10-centent mtoan are
down one and a half% or for domestic
chips though you are seeing some nuances
right so smiCong actually now that
things have opened up are doing a little
bit better on the flip side Capricorn
tech is going down about 3/4 of 1% and
Omnivision is going uh down 3% so there
you go there's a bit of uh you know
mixed reaction there when it comes to
some of these national sort of champions
and the national team ETFs we're
watching very closely whether we do see
any sort of buying uh from you know some
of these sort of support uh EU fund and
the like here not seeing too much here
right now. We're still seeing a bit of a
negative reaction so far in some of
these ETFs.
>> Yeah, it would be a good indication if
there is some market support that's
coming through as well. It go certainly
goes into the A and 8 share conversation
that maybe the onshore markets might
fare slightly better compared to the
offshore markets given of course that
they do have that there on short. Uh
just to also mention we've sort of
parsed through a lot of the commentary
that's come through given the latest
developments and here is just a quick
glance at what so far we've gathered
from analysts talking about the
escalating trade tensions between uh the
US and China. Let's start things off
here with the note coming out of Andrew
Tilton Huan and their team there at
Goldman on the eco front. This
reescalation suggests a wider range of
outcomes than was the case ahead of the
last round of talks. There is a
possibility of greater concessions and
and possibly lower tariffs, but also the
risk of substantial new export
restrictions and higher tariffs. Numora,
flip the page, please. Also coming out
with there, this is Tinglu and his team.
Uh this escalation of trade tensions is
more about posturing
>> uh for upcoming negotiations
including possible and hopefully for
everyone here uh re-engagement of course
in that meeting between the two
presidents at Apac and JP Morgan. Very
quickly, Wendy Leo, as far as strategy
goes, should the Chinese stock market
experience an outside decline, which is
perhaps arguably what we're seeing
today, this is a window. This is a buy
the dip opportunity that could emerge
before the year end. Now, despite all of
that, uh you have a look at the
consumption sector, right? So, you have
our folks at Bloomberg Intelligence
because we're also we also just happen
to be wrapping up, of course, Golden
Week, and we now have uh data on this as
well. Marvin Chen and his team uh
effectively saying here that the
consumption sector could be an overall
bright spot. There are nuances of course
within the categories but some analysts
noting that positive figures during the
golden week. Our team here at Bloomberg
Intelligence notes that tourist trips
hits a record high 888 million while
spending or general spending exceeded
800b. They say strong travel, leisure
activity suggests households may finally
be moving past these pandemic era
caution. Momentum was evident across
dining, entertainment and travel, the
sectors most affected of course from
events during and lockdowns during the
pandemic.
>> Yeah. Meanwhile, Goldman Sachs is is
chiming in. Right. So they've been
talking a little bit more and crunching
the numbers and and maybe not as as
optimistic as what you know Marvin and
his team has been talking about, right?
So they say go good consumption remains
soft with downside in pricing despite
you're starting to see strong bright
spots like tourism uh traffic remaining
solid. The demand softness we observed
in the second quarter the third quarter
continued into the national day holiday
with sales growth of key retail and
restaurant enterprises at just under 3%
which is lower than previous holidays
this year. Joining us now is Michelle
Chang, co-head of Asia consumer research
at Goldman Sachs. Seems like depending
on what you look what metric you look at
you see different things. How would we
interpret the latest sort of golden week
data?
>> Yeah. So, I think the the biggest
takeaway is there's a clear shift uh
from uh consumer goods uh to more
experience. Yeah. So I think during gold
golden week clearly traffic is uh really
good and uh of course you can argue that
uh during it's a long holiday so people
probably travel more so that they don't
they didn't have time to uh visit the
shopping malls to shop and also you
remember we have a earlier single day uh
promotion activities which kick in
recently. So consumers might hold back
their purchasing uh during the holiday.
But uh having said that uh in the past
few holidays we still see holiday sales
is still slightly better than the normal
time. And this time 2.7% uh growth only
uh compared with you have 6% in Labor
Day and uh 4% in uh in in Chinese New
Year even compared with past two months
July August uh the retail sales growth
is like 3 to 4%. this 2.7% indeed is uh
is not too exciting. But uh having said
that break down into the category we
have been seeing that consumers want
more experience and uh also if you look
at some um sub sectors there are still
some bright side uh related to
experience uh and also uh if the
companies they can figure out some uh
new growth opportunities there are still
category with uh category or the
penetration stories they are still more
resilient. Yeah. But all you know uh I
think aside from the the general uh
topline number is not too exciting. One
uh key trend we have been seeing is uh
uh pricing and deflation. Yeah. So uh
from second quarter end of second
quarter we start to see that the pricing
trend uh turn softer and this might
continue even we should have a easier
base in the second half.
>> How much did discounts help? Um on the
one side you have the the the food
delivery platform fight earlier although
it pick out uh in uh July August uh but
looking at different freshly made
drinking company um uh earlier you can
buy a cup of coffee or milk tea uh uh at
five uh 15 16 uh vin per cups but in the
recent uh trading it's probably only
like 10 or even below. So it's actually
quite big discount and also uh in some
sectors like apparel uh it's actually
not really the inventory issue. Uh in
chi in China brands and retailers they
actually have capability to control the
inventory pretty well but it's more like
you need to do promotions to attract
consumers attention. So discount again
base should be easier in second half but
we still see third quarter uh the the
promotion activity is still quite
intense. How do you look at in
subsectors right everything from jewelry
to restaurants to you know sportsware I
mean what stood out to you
>> so uh a few sectors we still like uh
definitely those with uh volume growth
story so basically we we take aside the
pricing for now uh we hope to see uh
some uh pricing improvement but if the
sector still have volen story and it's
still a safe uh bot uh support so um
some new consumer ideas like uh IP
diversified retailers they are still are
doing really well and pet foods is still
doing well.
>> Pet food. Okay. And also on the other
side for the bigger categories actually
beverage uh no matter it's packaged uh
RTD beverage or the freshly made drink
uh these beverage is still relatively
doing well because of volume growth and
sportsware I think is still relative
sectors you see uh general volume growth
but um in the in near you just see a
huge divergence uh uh in terms of the
brand's performance and maybe one more
interesting thing to add is uh we have
been talking about rational spending
kind of consumer trading ating down in
the past few quarter but in the past two
quarters uh some premium segment is
actually doing better. So in sportsware
in cosmetics even uh for some luxury you
see some luxury shopping most traffic uh
they really improve because of the low
base. So not sure whether it's a little
bit like a stock market wealth effect or
it's just easy base but uh uh in in the
past two quarter is a premium if you can
uh really deliver you the brand can
really tell some good stories people
still want to pay premium but in the
mass uh it's really really uh
competitive on the functionality on the
pricing. M
>> so would you from an investment strategy
perspective would investors be better
off leaning towards you know these
brands or companies on the higher price
points?
>> Uh not necessarily. I think uh uh
ultimately I think u uh if you want to
scale definitely the affordability is
still key. So uh value for money uh and
if they can capture the lower tier city
opportunities definitely uh from the
skill perspective this is still the
areas they can explore but uh for
premium segment uh niche brands and in
the good brand cycle actually there's
opportunity when we look at the consumer
space even uh in cosmetics in uh jewelry
we actually see aggregate challenges but
you can still always pick up some brands
they are doing well because uh uh they
have right product portfolio and right
uh brand momentum in in the coming
periods of time.
>> Um what what else should we be watching
out for? Obviously, when it comes to the
food delivery space, you mentioned about
maybe we reached a peak when it comes to
the competition, but in terms of
subsidies, should do we expect that to
continue into 2026?
>> Yeah, that's a great point. There's a
lot of debate and honestly uh to some
extent uh market pricing uh uh huge
corrections next year and this is why a
couple of uh like bubble tea companies
they had uh good rounds uh in the first
seven months and then share price pull
back by like 20 30%. Uh so on the one
side we in indeed admit that uh this
makes the whole competitive landscape
very complicated but on the other side
we always think that it's not just the
subsidy because uh uh if you break down
into different brands some brands
actually doing much better because they
have new products. So again still go
back to each companies whether they can
figure out some new ways to serve to
engage you with consumers. So uh looking
to next year on the one side we factor
in Samsung sales decline but some brands
they probably will be uh still
performing better and on top of that
they have store expansion network
expansion to support still pretty
attractive uh growth next year. the it's
hard to I wonder how you analyze the the
market now because on one hand you look
at the headline number and you think
okay overall demand is quite weak but
also do you think part of it is
consumers have just gotten used to
>> discounts and subsidies in other words
demand could be okay but if people
expect discounts to continue I'm not
going to buy until they give me the
discounts I wonder how you would best
characterize the Chinese consumer right
now
>> yeah and and this is something we also
worry about yeah so earlier we do see
some stabilization of the pricing and
initially it's not really uh better
competence initially it's more like oh
if I uh gave more discount uh it
couldn't drive traffic further so uh the
brands company they started to be a
little bit more disciplined yeah so uh
hopefully I think uh the the the
competition will be still a little bit
rationalized and so that people will
still go back to pricing because
ultimately if it's all about pricing and
then different companies uh uh strengths
in product innovations and storytelling
will be just underestimated. Yeah. But
uh so so that's why I think in the um
coming probably few quarters if we still
see price is still uncertain and if
that's a volume growth you still have
the natural um penetration story and
aside from the domestic theme I think a
lot of uh Chinese consumer uh companies
they are looking for is actually
overseas expansion. Although these uh
tariff make things a little bit
complicated in the near term but we we
still see that there's a decent growth
opportunities uh overseas. So by
leveraging their establish uh uh
competitive age in China and especially
I think it's the quick response to what
consumers want and there's still this
wide space uh to grow globally.
>> Very quickly what what markets are
those? Is that Europe, Southeast Asia?
>> It's actually everywhere. South Yeah,
including the US and Europe. Yeah.
>> Interesting.
>> Very nice. Goldman Sachs there. One of
the reports they have here is the
Goldman Sachs guide to Chinese
restaurants. It's not of course a
restaurant's guide, but really Chinese
restaurants and how you play that.
Michelle Chang, thank you so much.
Fantastic. There out of G. All right. Uh
quick glance at these markets. 13
minutes into the cash market session.
We're not doing well. We're coming off
lows I believe in some cases. There we
go. On your screens. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. Among the sectors we're
tracking very closely and there are many
today given the selloff. We're looking
at properties specifically on the back
of this news of the abrupt resignation
of the China Vancouid
already abrupt management overhaul back
in January. So we'll continue to track
this story. It's dragging down the
space. We're down about 5% on the stock.
We're down three on the sector.
>> Yep. So coming at a time when you know
the financial position of the developer
is already quite vulnerable here and
have some a wall of really onshore debt
maturities as well. So there you go. Uh
some other big political stories that
we're tracking for you today. President
Trump has reiterated that the war in
Gaza is over and that the truce will
hold. He's traveling to Israel and is
scheduled to address parliament later on
Monday. Now, if the deal holds, it would
represent a major step towards lasting
peace. Something neither Trump nor his
predecessor, Joe Biden, was able to
secure in previous rounds of
negotiations.
>> The war is over. Okay. Do you understand
that? Uh I think people are
a lot of reasons why it's going to hold,
but I think people are tired of it. It's
been it's been centuries. Okay. Not just
recent. It's been centuries. I think
people are tired of it. Yeah. The
ceasefire is going to hold.
>> Tensions are escalating in the South
China Sea after the Philippines accused
a Chinese ship of deliberately ramming a
government vessel. The Philippine Coast
Guard says the Chinese ship had already
fired water cannon before the collision
on Sunday, causing damage to its vessel,
but no injuries. The Chinese Coast Guard
says it was conducting quote normal law
enforcement operations near the Spratley
Islands.
>> Right. Uh let's stay in Saudi Asia here.
So let's talk about Malaysia. So the
second uh minister of finance says that
the country's economy is actually being
supported by strong private consumption.
Speaking to Bloomberg, Amir Hamza Azizan
has also talked about the resilience of
the country's currency to ring it
reflecting really the solid fundamentals
of the economy and also he expects more
foreign inflows to continue.
If you if you look at it, we've we we
are first half year 190 billion of FDIs
coming into and approved investments. Uh
we're seeing domestic investments also
growing well. We've seen um if I use as
a proxy and I look back at EPF uh as a
proxy of formal uh um uh employment EPS
contribution rates have gone up. It's
growing at 9% compared to the previous
year. So that's a sign that that
employment is still good. my money is
still being pumped into the system and
the interventions that we're doing to
lift the flow so that the citizenry has
money hands are also helping drive
private consumption. So I think those
elements have actually created the
resilience in the Malaysian economy and
therefore people look at Malaysia in a
slightly different form. Yeah. And then
uh with the slowing down of the the the
growth of interest rates in other
countries particularly US where they
have been cutting
>> that's allowed the differential to to
get smaller so the ringit has equally
strengthened.
>> Do you expect the inflows to pick up
speed and further boost the currency in
the next 12 24 months?
>> I think it was important for us to make
sure that 2026 is a year that we have
enough built in to sustain the domestic
economy. So I think that resilience will
actually show value to investors going
outside. The government fiscal reform is
showing value to it. So we started off
with a fiscal deficit to GDP of 6.4%.
This year we'll end up at 3.8 next down
at 3.5. So there is resolve and if you
see at all the reforms that we've been
doing it's about putting in fiscal
discipline is coming in and those are
good signs to investors are coming in.
We've had a stable government, clarity
of policy and that's helped to attract
uh investments.
>> So supporting the currency, the thing is
the ring's performance is also
contingent on the dollar
>> which also depends on what the Fed does.
Right now expectations are perhaps for
two cuts
but that may not happen. How do you see
that playing out into your currency?
Well, if you even if you look at this
year, there were expectations of further
cuts and further cuts didn't come in,
right? But the ring is still resilient.
Yeah. Because the fundamentals are still
strong. Uh and the differentials have
remained quite reasonable along that
line. So I think if even if the Fed
slows down its process, the ringit still
has a lot of wind behind it to be able
to push ahead along the way.
>> Tariffs are a big uncertainty. You saw
how, you know, President Trump is
imposing additional 100% tariffs on
China, taking it to 130%. This is your
largest trading partner, contributing to
about 17% of overall trade. And some say
130% tariffs would mean stagflation,
supply chain disruptions. How might that
impact the Malaysian economy?
>> I think we've seen the what's what's
transpiring with the changing tariffs uh
in the first half of the year. Yeah. And
when we started the journey early on
earlier the signals were tariff is going
to come in it's going to rattle the
markets quite dramatically. Uh countries
will have to do dramatic shifts in order
to manage it but over time practicality
started to come in because it's a very
much more integrated supply chain that
we're having on a global scale. So I
think uh this uh recent uh shifts uh
we'll probably also find a better
landing uh in the not too distant future
and we'll come back to what is probably
a practable solution and I think both
sides are are figuring that one out. So
from a Malaysian point of view the key
is to actually understand what is the
components of our uh trade and our trade
uh END and um uh semiconductors but we
also have still the commodities and so
on anchoring the trade. So if we uh
continue to do those well semiconductors
which is a very narrow supply chain
continues to thick on a better note I
think we'll be able to ride it out
some corporate stories we're tracking
for you today. DD Autonomous Driving
says it's raised $280 million in a new
round of financing. A statement posted
on its official WeChat says investors
include the Junguan Chun Science City
Technology Growth Fund, JC Group, and DD
itself. The company says the capital
will be used to AI research and
deployment of level four autonomous
driving technology. Tanawanka's recently
appointed chairman has resigned from the
role and a new blow to the embattled
developer facing liquidity challenges.
Exchange filing says she's resignation
is due to personal reasons. Wonka has
elected Huang Lei Ping as the new
chairman. Surprise twist threatens to
further cloud the outlook for Wanka
ahead of a wall of onshore debt
maturities.
>> All right, just very quickly looking at
the chip space semiconductors. This is
across the region. So everything from
Samsung, SKH highix down and TSMC's
coming up as well there down
substantially. The opposite is taking
place with Cambercon actually coming up.
SMIC on your screens also seeing some
upside again perhaps a direct function
of the trade convers trade rhetoric
heating up yet again and certainly these
are some of the domestic plays there
that have benefited from such pick up in
rhetoric uh rare stocks coming up as
well doing very well again rare is very
much in focus there because
substantially well 21% so not all is bad
going into the Monday session here just
to also mention that US assets dollar
yen coming up on your screens right now
are showing markets are coming off the
edge a little bit although we are
getting a lot of selling still. This
might indicate maybe in a couple of
hours things will peter out depending on
the rhetoric that we've seen and heard
so far out of the US president. Plenty
more ahead here on the China show. Have
a look at our guest coming through. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the CSI 300. A half hour into the
session and you are seeing uh quite a
bit of downside here. We're down about
one and a half%. MSI China is down by
about 2%. This tumbling of equities
certainly has been coincided with bonds
taking a bid here this morning.
Investors are certainly getting a little
bit jittery when it comes to the latest
when it comes to US China. Trade
tensions, this back and forth tit for
tat that we saw over the weekend as
well. We have seen at least the US side
come off a little bit in terms of the
temperature and talking about you know
the door is still open when it comes to
trade talks but at least for now we're
still seeing cashdown story on across
onshore markets and here in Hong Kong.
>> Yeah that's really on the back of the
comments that the US president made as
he was making his way either onto Air
Force One or on Air Force One. He's
really toned toned down the rhetoric as
far as that was concerned. Um it's taken
the edge of markets. I think when you
look at to your point, US assets right
now are firmly in the green, but
certainly what what's worth pointing out
as well is we haven't reversed fully.
Yeah.
>> The declines from Friday. So you split
the difference between the two were not
even halfway back. U MCI China's down
about 2%. Some of the big movers we're
seeing on your screen, CSI 300 and the
big names coming up very very shortly.
So it's not all red on your screens. You
do have a bid coming through as far as
the sort of your domestic chip plays
like SMIC. Kingoft is actually traded of
course on shore. you are getting
substantial upside there but they are
getting the drags. Gore techch is a very
good example of that. Uh we're also
looking at the 50day moving average in
the MEI China certainly when you look at
how you know Hen futures on Friday uh
fell to the limit of 5%. We were looking
at several lines of support possibly
that could be tested today and as you
can see on this one specifically uh we
are close but not there just yet. Just
also mention that on the 50-day moving
average, just watch it very very closely
and whether or not we do manage a bounce
above that because we are seeing some
pressure uh right now. Um the fix which
came in on the stronger side managing to
also take some of the edge off uh some
of the selling out there. So dollar
China's coming up, dollar yen was quoted
weaker going into the Monday session.
there's a separate conversation in Japan
and politics and what's happened to the
coalition there might be adding more
premium to Japanese assets. Uh US
futures as we were pointing out treasury
futures are coming u you don't have of
course Japanese cash markets up but
there we go if yields were uh quoted
today we would be higher on the twos and
also the tense but yes NASDAQ futures
are now up 2% uh in the first few hours
of trading here in the Asia Pacific.
>> Yeah let's let let's look back on what
we've heard so far really from both
sides. President Trump says terrorists
with China are still the plan starting
from November 1st. But speaking on on
board the Air Force One today, he called
Chinese President Xi Jinping a quote
smart man and a great leader.
>> I think we're going to be fine with
China. Look, I have a great relationship
with President Xi. He's a very tough
man. He's a very smart man. He's a great
leader for their country. He's a great
leader and I have a great relationship
with him. I think we'll get it set. I
know what happened. I really understand
what happened and I'm not even saying
he's wrong. But then we met him with
something much tougher than what he did
to us. Again, because of the tariffs,
it's much tougher.
>> Let's bring in our China correspondent,
Mim Lo. She joins us live from Shanghai
here this morning. Uh it seems like at
least for now, Trump is pulling
negotiations back from the brink just a
little bit.
>> That's right. Well, President Trump also
wrote on True Social. He said, "Don't
worry about China. Everything is going
to be fine." And it seems like President
Trump is anxious to reassure markets
that this is not going to spiral out of
control while he continues to put
pressure on China to roll back some of
the retaliatory moves that we have seen
so far. We hear the same thing from JD
Vans on Fox News as well, urging China
to take the reasonable path here, saying
the US will reciprocate with reasonable
measures as well. But so far from the
Chinese side, we have heard the Chinese
commerce ministry saying that
threatening China with tariffs at every
turn is not the right way to deal with
China. And China will not hesitate to
retaliate as necessary to protect their
legitimate rights and interests. And so
far we have seen the tightening of the
rare earth controls as uh the strongest
sort of long armed jurisdiction that
China has attempted so far when it comes
to rare earths because it applies to
overseas uh exporter of products that
contain even trace elements of Chinese
rare earths and this could have
important implications on the tech
supply chain. Right? Analysts are saying
it could cause weeksl long delay of
shipments of equipments from the likes
of ASML. it could raise prices as well
and it seems like China is increas in
increasingly confident of the pain that
they could inflict from its supply chain
dominance and they're willing to use
that in exchange for tolerating
incremental uh increases in the sort of
export controls that we are seeing from
the US and even higher tariffs as well.
Well, yeah. Amen. Speaking of tariffs,
it's strangely coincidental that trade
numbers are actually set to come out at
some point. In fact, anytime now really.
And you know, I I wonder what the
implications are. When you look at
trade, you look at some key dates as far
as what we're watching is concerned.
What options does China have now as we
go into those trade talks and beyond
them?
Well, of course, if the 100% tariffs or
the additional 100% tariffs kick in, it
could threaten to basically cut all
trade between US and China. But so far,
as you said, looking at the Trump uh at
the trade numbers, China has seen trade
hitting new records this year. It shows
you that China is resilient and agile
enough to really shift with the changing
trade flows to increase its trade with
other regions to offset the decline in
shipments with the US. Of course,
there's more sort of uncertainty ahead
with the new levies being imposed on
shipping vessels from both US China.
Both sides are imposing these levies on
each other's vessels starting tomorrow.
But again, in terms of what else is in
China's toolbox, they still have other
levers to pull. They have the ability to
disrupt uh economic engines in the US
including for example uh companies like
Apple and tech companies that are trying
to you know diversify the supply chain
away from China. They are facing efforts
that are being stalled by Beijing which
is restricting these companies from
cooperating with the likes of Foxcon and
Chinese contractors that are key and
essential to their operations. You think
about the Chinese market, it's still a
huge market for uh really sensitive
industries in the US including
agricultural agriculture uh as well as
tobacco uh parts, aircraft parts as
well. Um so so yes, we have up until uh
early November when the new tariffs
could kick in and of course end of the
month is when President C and Trump
could possibly meet in South Korea.
Whether that's still happening, we'll
have to see.
Minman thank you Minman Low in Shanghai
for us our China correspondent there
let's have a look at the implications
across FX market it's been a crazy ride
across FX in fact just to mention dollar
yen which you see on your screens right
so as recently as 10 calendar days back
we were at 147 so if anyone told us back
then that we would write a headline the
yen would strengthen to 151 we'd called
them crazy back then but here we are in
this new range joining us now is Joey
Chu head of Asia FX FX research at HSBC.
Joey, good morning. So, obviously we
we'll talk about the politics in Japan
in a moment and what that means, but
what do you make of the price action in
FX market this morning so far given all
the the trade news so far from the
weekend?
Well, I think we we saw with a great
sense of relief that the dollar CNY
fixing came in at uh you know relatively
low levels sort of continuing the string
of uh stronger than expected R&B fixing
since they came back from golden week on
9th of October right we've been still
stuck at this 710 type of handle which I
think is very good news and is a great
anchor for the rest of dollar Asia
amidst these times of volatility.
Um this is coming at a time when we're
seeing the dollar rebound
>> overall. I mean obviously be some
interesting central bank decisions out
of Asia last week. Uh surprise cuts in
some ways but is there is there a sense
that this whole kind of big dollar short
trade is now fading.
I mean I think we've been getting such
questions since the start of third
quarter which was also when you know the
dollar started to find a little bit of a
footing partly because a lot of the dd
dollararization type of arguments sort
of um faded and a lot of the um hedging
uh moves in in dollar Taiwan for example
also sort of subsided but you know
overall our view is still that the Fed
is still cutting and historically when
we look back there were times when
during the times when the Fed cuts and
the US does not go into recession are
actually precisely the times when the
dollar actually weakens. So our base
case is still weakening modestly of the
dollar.
Okay, Joey, can I ask you about the yen
specifically because that one has both a
dollar component and its own
idiosyncratic weirdness recently and
apologies for the lack of a more
diplomatic way to way to describe that.
The the argument recently is because of
what's happening politically or what's
happened politically the range on dollar
yen has shifted up substantially. Would
you subscribe to that view? What is that
range now we're looking at on dollar
yen?
Yeah, I think uh you know this
uncertainty about number one in the
first place who is going to be the prime
minister and number two whether there
will be changes in this uh you know bias
be it for fiscal policy, monetary
policy, currency policy or even foreign
policy. I think all these are you know
great unknowns and as we have seen in
many times in history especially with
the US over the over the turn of the
year you know changes in government can
have huge changes in the currency. So I
think no one's really wanting to take a
lot of risk right now. So the
uncertainty is just sort of lifting
dollar yen up especially you know if you
consider where we have been coming from
uh at the uh before the elections when
dollar yen actually fell quite a lot in
the second quarter. So our view is that
eventually the dust will settle and
we'll find out uh you know the about the
policies. Our base case is still that
you know no matter who comes into power,
the fact is that cost of living is the
number one uh you know issue in facing
the Japanese public and so a weekend is
just going to be detrimental to this
issue and so any pol any political
leader that comes in has to face this
reality.
>> Should we still assume that the BOJ can
hike even with a pretty doubbish I could
say you know new prime minister
So our view is still that the BOJ will
hike because ultimately it will be
basing its you know uh views and its
rationale on the economic fundamentals.
Of course politics can affect it because
it can affect confidence can affect
investment decisions and therefore
affect the economy. But I think we have
seen enough economic momentum or enough
wage momentum on shore in Japan so far
uh to judge that actually one rate hike
is at least on the cards.
>> All right, Joey, you you also mentioned
and apologies I forgot to ask you about
this and to go deeper into this, but
yeah, I mean the fix today was
>> I guess in many ways a reminder of
something else that might help us sort
of backs stop some of the risk appetite
out there. Um should we continue do you
continue to well do you expect the PBC
to continue to lean into yuan weakness?
M so actually our view is that uh you
know the fixing stalling at about 710 to
711 for the last you know couple of
months already is both a function of the
DXY not really moving lower as well as a
function of the trade talks sort of
progressing well enough up until
recently but there have been no concrete
developments
in in tariffs so I think both conditions
remain in place in fact the second
condition about the tariffs arguably you
could say that is is is developing in
the negative way. So for us, I think
there is some risk of upside risk and
dollar CNY fixing going a little bit
higher than what we have seen recently.
But you know I still think that at the
end of the day uh you know it's uh it's
not going to be a currency war that we
are thinking about.
>> Joey Chu, thank you. Head of Asia FX
research at HSBC. There we're getting
just some lines crossing. Uh there's a
press briefing for the customs uh bureau
in China in Beijing right now and we're
hearing uh from the customs deputy
director Wong Jun speaking and basically
saying when it comes to trade trade
faces rising uncertainty difficulties uh
and the external environment still
complex of course it's on the back of
what we've been hearing over the weekend
and really this escalation a
reescalation of the US China trade
dispute and the like. So certainly
that's the comments there. They're still
waiting though the export numbers and
import numbers from September.
>> Yeah, they should be mentioning that at
some point during this briefing and
we'll break those numbers to you once we
have those trade numbers coming through
as well. Interesting. Maybe within that
what are we going to see as far as
soybeans are concerned or maybe the
absence of which right uh coming up here
we'll continue the conversation here on
US China and Hong will be joining us out
of Lotus Asset Management uh who does
see of course the latest moves as a
strategic signal on the part of Beijing
intended for the US to get that message.
Hong joins us in a couple of minutes.
[Music]
We do not make a lot of short-term
trades, if you will. I think this is
something that we've been watching for
since uh well, beginning of year. I
think one of the as I mentioned earlier,
this is one of the big ones that's still
missing in terms of terrorists.
Initially thought that we have until
like mid November to decide, but I think
this is something that is coming to fall
now. I think the markets will adjust. We
are relatively well positioned, I think,
in terms of where we are right now.
We're not making uh we're not looking to
make making any knee-jerk moves ahead of
this news.
>> Jai Chen there, head of Asian and global
EM equities at BNB Paraba Asset
Management, speaking to us a little bit
earlier on. Meanwhile, we're hearing
from some of these financial newspapers
uh in China saying that stock investors
shouldn't be quote overly pessimistic
despite external shocks. So Shanghai
Securities News is citing brokerages who
say traders should pay closer attention
to China's economic transformation and
capital market reforms.
>> Yeah. To help us sift through the noise
and signal here. Uh joining us here on
set is Ho Hong, managing partner and CIO
at Lotus Assets Management. How it's
nice to see you. The market's done
extremely well going into the weekend.
And then maybe for those who were
looking for an opportunity to buy the
dip or a dip, here's a dip for you
today. Would you what what advice would
you give to those people?
>> Yeah. I think we will be buyer of this
dip right so we've been waiting for this
I I think you know before before this
correction you know the uh the Chinese
stocks has been going from strength to
strength especially the tech stocks so I
think you know for people who you know
wanted to get into this trade you know
it's very difficult all right or not
very but you know it's it's trying to
find a a good position to get in right
so now this is the chance and I think
you know the volatility will be with us
for some time but then you know this
gives a period of uh uh building a
window for building position
It it's interesting though, but I think
we we didn't expect this in some ways. I
don't know if you did, Po, but what do
you think is the reason the motivation
that China went into this move of
imposing export curbs on rare earth,
right? Because we're still what a few
weeks away from APE.
>> That's right. Yeah. I think um judging
from the market's response, I think, you
know, most people were surprised by this
move. I think China is retaliating you
know because before this you know the US
is uh using the BIS uh affiliated route
uh basically blocking all the channels
that China can get its hands on advanced
uh semiconductor chips. Uh so I think
after that you know if you see a series
of uh Chinese uh retaliation right so
China is telling uh the leading tech
firms not to buy Nvidia chips you know
it's also showing confidence is is uh uh
Chinese make chips uh and also you know
China is is imposing fees on US ships as
well the uh uh for for using Chinese
ports right so leading up to this right
so basically you know we're uh restrict
uh becoming more restrictive on real
earth uh exports right so I I think you
know people are seeing it as a sort of a
retaliation to the previous US move but
then over the weekend you know Donald
Trump basically retaliated by you know
imposing 100% tariff on Chinese goods uh
so therefore you know the market is
rightly concerned but I think you know
judging from the you know the the
history so far this year uh more likely
than not we're going to get a tackle
trade right so Donald Trump is going to
back off at this stage uh for two of the
leading uh countries in the world you no
can gain anything from you know hitting
at each other.
>> The do you expect the posturing though
to continue the next two weeks ahead of
the meeting and do you expect the
meeting to still take place?
>> Yes. Well, I think both sides are still
expecting uh the meeting to to take
place in a couple of weeks. uh and also
you know going into this meeting you
know China has to post posture right so
as a you know has still have cards on
the table to play and also telling the
the opposite side you know where the
bottom line is for this negotiation
right so in so doing it actually help uh
for the meeting to become more
successful right so if you know during
the meeting you know China you know
China trying to change check and trying
to retaliate after the meeting starts
then I think you know will be a even
worse starting point for the meeting.
>> Okay. So, if this is the window
opportunity to buy, what what is worth
scooping up right now, right? Because
you know up until now it's been growth,
right? Is there is there is it time to
sustain growth or is it time to actually
rotate?
>> Yeah, I I I think you know people has
done tremendously well with growth
stocks, right? So, if you if you look at
the star 50 index in China, it's up like
180% in the past 12 months, right? So
it's the leading performing uh index in
the world. I think by now you know
people has done so well then and also
because the relative performance has
been so extreme then it actually pays to
rotate some of the money back to the
value stocks. So in the past couple of
months you know as as growth stocks
start to rally uh Chinese banks
insurance you know brokers hasn't been
catching up as much but these are the
names that is very steady you know it's
it's heavy index rate and so as money
rotate back to these stocks then we
expect that you know these stocks will
lift the Chinese index higher from here.
I'm looking at some of the valuations.
I'm just going to mention SMIC as an
example. Trading at 160 times earnings.
Um I think your reaction says says says
everything. But so so how what do you
think expectations are? Do you think
expectations are slightly too high as
far as AI is concerned in or how do I
play that?
>> Well, I think everybody is you know
going for AI, right? So is this going to
change the way we
>> uh we uh we we work? Um I think for
specific for for SMIC we have a position
in in the stock uh to declare but then
thank you for that. Yeah. Then at the
same time at the same time uh uh you
know we're expecting earnings to double
from here right. So rep rapid earnings
growth from here. So as a result you
know even though now the PE is like very
very high right so but for growth stocks
you know 100 200 times PE is actually
showing the growth potential that you
know people willing to pay for right so
at this price uh so one shouldn't be too
surprised to see you know the stock
continue to do well and also earnings
starting to catch up. Therefore, then
you will see PE ratio actually comes
down because earnings is going faster
than the price.
>> What what should I look for in terms of
ways to measure trade war tensions? The
proxies that you're you're because
you've been looking at everything from
soybeans to to semiconductors.
>> What's the right sort of one to look at?
Right.
>> Yeah, I think a number of indicators we
we can keep track on. You know, one is
the soybean you mentioned semiconductor
performance. Uh and also the Chinese
yen, right? So this morning you know we
see Chinese yen is actually uh have a
stronger reference rate. So meaning
China is actually not retaliating after
the US imposing uh 100% tariff uh and
also you know the US long bond use right
so and and and the Chinese long bond
yield as well. So many of these
indicators is going to tell you what the
market thinks but then uh I think the
most direct way to measure is the poly
market right so the prediction market.
So they have a they have a bet you know
whether China can resolve these
conflicts uh around the apex summit. I
think right now the chance is like
90%ish right so there's a you know the
market is actually quite optimistic of
the outlook.
>> What do you think the risk premium
should be after this meeting? Because
this to me is a reminder that markets
forgot about this issue.
>> Yes.
>> Right. We forgot about it and then the
weekend I woke up Saturday morning
>> deteriorate.
>> Yeah. That it could still flare up. So
what what do you think the appropriate
risk premium should be after after this
meeting assuming poly market is correct?
>> Yeah. Well, I think you know there would
be like back and forth you know between
now and leading up to the summit. Uh and
also I think you know for for the
Chinese yen you know the the Chinese
central bank is sending a signal that
China doesn't want a war but you know if
there's a war China is ready for it. Uh
and also you know for the risk
preference sake you know for the hangen
for example right? So hangen is about
you know 25 26,000ish right so it's
actually at a higher level than the
beginning of this year and you can see
the the lower point of the hanging index
is actually rising right so one should
be you know we're very comfortable with
hzen being at about you know 25,000 is a
buying opportunity
>> okay uh just in 10 seconds or so do you
think the national team might come in to
stabilize in case the onore market
starts to fall even further
>> yeah I think well judging from this
morning's performance I think you know
the national team is at rest. You know
it's is quite relaxed at the situation
and I think many people are looking for
buying opportunities.
>> Hong thank you so much managing partner
CIO at Lotus Asset Management. Coming up
here on the China show, Eurasia Group's
China practice head will be joining us
in a couple of minutes. This is Mumb.
[Music]
Looking at the Japanese futures market,
more uncertainty on the political side.
According to Kyoto News, the Kumato
party is saying it does not rule out
cooperation with the opposition
and that that exercise is focused on the
nomination of the prime minister. Um,
yeah, more uncertainty out there.
Japanese futures. There we go. As we
promised, coming up on your screens,
we're down 2% on equity futures.
[Music]
Washington is dealing with a much more
more assertive Beijing. Um, China is
prepared this time around. It has put
tools in place to respond to US
measures. It has reduced its dependence
on US imports. um and has reduced
dependence on its exports to the United
States by forging relations um with
other countries particularly increasing
its trade flows with Southeast Asia and
it's increased it self-sufficiency as
well as it's identified its um choke
points where it can hurt the United
States.
That was Wendy Cutler there, the vice
president of the Asia Society Policy
Institute in the latest flare up,
unexpected flare up looking at where
markets are right now uh in terms of the
USChina trade conversation. Uh for more
analysis uh on where we go next as far
as the relationship goes here, let's
bring in Eurasia groups, China practice
heads and former US diplomat David Mey
here with us on set. Quite timely and
perfect timing really to have you join
us. Thank you so much for for for taking
the time. So, why are we here? Like, wh
why why is this happening all of a
sudden?
>> Yeah. Well, thanks, David. Thanks,
Savvon, for having me today. I'm glad I
happened to be in Hong Kong. Why are we
here? Well, I actually think the two
sides were on a good path towards having
the meeting at APEC and then for Trump
to travel to China next year. And I'm
still optimistic about that. But, uh
along the way, there was this closing of
a loophole on the US side, this new 50%
rule that came out. And uh the Chinese
saw it as more than perhaps it was
intended to be. And then now we have the
uh new uh Chinese release of these uh
rare earth elements and related
technology uh export control rules. And
then uh President Trump has responded
with his threat on tariffs. So, it's
it's been a back and forth that I think
really reflects how concerned each side
is about communicating where its pain
points are and the necessity of the
other side to help you know drive this
car between those pain points.
>> You mentioned some of these loopholes.
Do you can you decipher what is actually
new and what's what's not new in these
curves in particular? Well, the so the
the new US rule essentially expands how
export controls apply to subsidiaries
that are tied to Chinese companies. And
I by some estimates, you know, the
number of affected company goes
companies goes from something like 1,200
to over 10,000. So it is a significant
uh new rule. It is impactful.
uh whether the US intended for it to uh
come across and be understood that way I
am not sure. I think they uh you know
they think about these things for a long
time and maybe it is uh correct that
from their point of view they were just
tightening things up.
>> Does it change at all the likely
scenarios at the APEC meeting if
assuming that that meeting still goes
ahead?
>> I'm going to go with it does not change
APEC. I think the two sides are already
signaling that they uh that they want
that meeting to go on. Uh President
Trump's uh post on Truth Social
overnight. I suggested this as a an
episode that I think he called it a bad
day or something close to that uh that
that they they will get past, but
perhaps it will delay the process a bit
for getting to the transactional trade
deal that we're all anticipating. I mean
at Eurasia uh we we're still holding to
our call that the two sides will reach
this deal. I think it's likely to be uh
on the occasion of uh whenever Trump
does get to China. But I do wonder if
APEC the result of that will be the two
sides agreeing. need some more time just
to hammer things out, hammer out what
the actual meaning is of each of these
uh moves that the US and China have made
and come up with reassurance that the
outcomes of these uh uh export control
moves, it will not uh affect the
reliability of of industry getting what
it needs to function.
>> I mean, I'm just wondering what what
could come next. I'm just wondering in
terms of, you know, now that we see the
threat of 100% tariffs from the US, in
terms of China's response, what do I
look like? Is this this Tik Tok deal in
in jeopardy? Are soybeans continue to be
a sore spot?
>> So, I I think that's that's what would
come next would be a reminder of all the
ways that each side can inflict pain.
Let let me step back though. I was just
in China for two weeks, talked to a lot
of my old government contacts, people in
think tanks, businesses, and so on. And
I came away with the impression that the
Chinese really feel they can work with
Donald Trump, that they see him as
pragmatic, as transactional, as somebody
who shows respect to President Xi. And
what they really want to get to is is
getting to more stability and
predictability in the relationship that
they envision could could last through
Donald Trump's term.
>> Do they feel like they have the upper
hand though China right now?
>> They felt they played the rare earths
issue last April very well. That was
clear. But they also know that the US
holds a lot of cards and we saw some of
those cards uh uh last April actually
when when Trump responded with the uh
controls on the chips and on the jet
engines on the ethane gas. So I actually
I think what both sides know is neither
can move in a direction that serves its
sole advantage that each side has very
serious pain points.
>> In my head the timeline moves into next
year when possibly to your point Donald
Trump makes a trip to China possibly and
then the US midterms are rolling around.
How do you think the US midterms might
affect Donald Trump's orientation? Well,
I think both Presidents Trump and she
are extending themselves a bit by
planning on these two meetings and I
mean they're clearly working towards
getting to a deal. But for both of them,
they're they're going to have some push
back uh from from people in their
capitals. For Donald Trump, we can
already see from the hawkish elements
that there's a lot of concern about what
he is going to do next. So, whatever he
does, he is going to have a strong
motive to make sure it is successful.
And that gives me uh optimism about the
implementation of a deal. The midterms
will be part of that. But it's more than
that. China is hosting APEC next year.
The US is hosting the G20. Along the
way, there are going to be a lot of
opportunities for people to meet at the
ministerial level. And then at the end
of the year, there's going to be
opportunities for leaders to get
together at the leadership level. All of
this I mean from my experience working
you know basically 30 years on on US
China nothing works for this
relationship like scheduling high level
meetings that gets no it gets the
bureaucracies on each side to kind of
sit up straight and figure out what's
possible and I think that's actually
setting us up potentially for a good
2026 if they can get to a deal if they
can get past this episode and if they
can implement well
>> where does Taiwan fit into all this
>> where is well you I we we saw uh what
looked like some gestures from Donald
Trump uh in recent months. The the lie
transit of the United States did not
happen. Defense talks were downgraded.
Uh you know, there was there were some
other uh measures as well. The Chinese
are clearly looking with high hopes to
Donald Trump to give them reassurance
that the United States is moving away
from what they felt was the quote
unquote hollowing out of Taiwan policy
of US one China policy uh in the Biden
days. And so I think now what they are
hoping for is that at minimum Donald
Trump when he visits uh Beijing or at
some point around that makes a very
clear public reaffirmation of US policy
and and that will uh allow them to feel
that the US is not implicitly sending
signals to the Taiwan leadership that is
going to uh that it's going to tolerate
what the Chinese fear will be
provocative moves by President Lie. I
mean, it sounds like an oxymoron to get
more clarity on the strategic ambiguity
sort of policy, but do you how much
goodwill do you think uh Donald Trump is
able to to get for for US companies
>> if if he if he tend if he leans in that
direction and gives China what they
want. I am hesitant to suggest that
Donald Trump is going to actually act in
a way that links a trade deal or actions
on be, you know, to help US companies to
what he does on Taiwan. I think Taiwan
exists on its own merits. It is the most
important issue to the Chinese.
Remember, uh, you know, when Trump and
she have phone calls, we always learn
that no matter what the central element
of the call is, the Chinese always raise
Taiwan. it it is their their number one
priority to to move that forward. And so
I think Donald Trump recognizes that uh
in this region crossstrait issues are a
source of potential instability. He does
want an overall productive relationship
with the Chinese and I think it is those
issues alone that will drive how he
responds on Taiwan. That said, the
gestures over the summer were probably
to some extent a reaction to an
understanding that after the tit fortat
that occurred last April, a path towards
the two sides getting to a trade deal
and stabilizing the relationship had to
occur against the backdrop of of no
major flare-ups over Taiwan.
>> Of course, it's something to monitor. We
have to the plenum coming up. We also
have this 15-year plan.
>> What are you going to be watching out
for the most? Do you think some of these
external threats that China is seeing
right now, does it change the playbook
in any way?
>> I think when we talk about these
external threats, what's really
motivating China is it doesn't want to
have to think about those because it has
internal business to take care of. When
I was in China in these recent weeks,
what I heard the most about was this
concept of involution. this idea that
there is this destructive downward
spiral of competition that is affecting
not just sectors in the economy but
economy but now you know pushing through
the entire economy. I think what we want
to look for for the fourth plenum and
for the 15th uh 5-year plan is what
China plans to do about this. I expect
we will hear that they uh in that they
will express determination to act here
to uh address uh deflation to address uh
falling margins to address youth
unemployment to address cannibalization
of R&D expenditures issues like this
that come out of involution. They are
very concerned but it is very hard to
follow through and I will be looking to
understand what exactly they see as
their tools and what they will be doing
about this. Do you get a sense that
these domestic issues are at the very
top of their priority and not so much
all these let's call them distractions
on the trade trade front. What do you
think is top of their priorities as far
as your understanding goes from the
people that you talk to? I my
understanding is like all countries
they're thinking about their own country
first and domestic issues first. They uh
they are actually quite happy with how
their economy performed in the first
half of last year but they know that the
consumer stimulus that they employed you
know can't can't be effective forever.
They know this involution issue is
there. They know that exports are a top
source of growth for them and they're
hitting uh resistance with the United
States and eventually with the EU and
other markets. So now they need to turn
inward and focus on the property sector,
on youth unemployment, on consumer
sentiment, on involution. And I expect
that uh we're going to see determination
on that front.
>> David, it's great to have you in town.
Thank you so much. David Millie there,
Eur Asia Group's China practice head
joining us here uh in Hong Kong. Uh we
also did hear from the S4 capital
chairman and founder Martin Sorell
saying that he remains super bullish on
China despite Trump's new tariff
threats. Speaking to us at the
International Business Leaders Advisory
Council conference in Shanghai, Sorl
explained how tariffs are impacting the
advertising industry.
>> We have to see how tariffs sort of sort
of come out at the end of the day. We'll
see what happens particularly with the
negotiation between the US and China.
Having said that, what that all that
does is delay things. I mean, people
when there's an uncertainty, they don't
make decising industry now. They don't
they don't make decisions as quickly as
they should do or they postpone making a
decision because they're uncertain about
the results. So, it's not good news.
Growth as a whole is going to be lower.
I think we've entered a new age of
fragmentation and growth is lower.
Inflation is more stubborn as we know
with the central banks. They try to get
inflation down. It's much more stubborn
than they and tariffs don't help.
>> You talk about slow growth being the new
normal.
>> Not slow growth, but it's it's it's sort
of under 3% rather than over 3%.
>> What is your assessment of China and how
and whether it will be coming up?
>> I remain super bullish on China. I mean
despite you know problems in the real
estate market which we still have the
stock market probably has improved a
little bit from where it was this time
last year
uh state owned enterprises borrowings I
mean that is being addressed over
>> consumption sentiment is still pretty
weak though
>> no it's true I mean consumer center but
Chinese always say save a lot um the big
opportunity for China is in the tariff
world that you you mentioned and we were
discussing as the trade patterns alter
and the US becomes will have to become
in my view less important to China. It
still be important
but less important. China is already
diversifying its trade policy. Very
interesting even since April.
>> Well, we've been seeing very compressed
margins though domestically because of
the deflationary pressures. Do you see
that changing anytime soon?
>> Deflation is an issue in the the Chinese
economy that we we have to has to be
dealt with. No, I think I think China
has enough the government has enough
fiscal firepower at the center to deal
with the situation. The priority for
domestic Chinese companies is outbound
China. The big opportunity for Chinese
companies is outbound China. The big
opportunity for Chinese companies is
outbound China. They need, I believe,
our help in marketing. You have to be
very acutely aware of what goes on here
in the Chinese consumer. And there's not
one Chinese consumer. Obviously, foreign
companies come in here know that it's
going to be super competitive and they
have to be super efficient and super
agile.
>> Yeah, there we go. That was S4 Capital
Chairman Martin Sorl there with Midmman
of course in Shanghai just over the
weekend. Uh very quickly, we are about
uh just an hour and 15 14 minutes to the
cash market session and we're doing
better given the circumstances out
there. We're certainly coming off lows
of the day. We're now just down about
2%. Shanghai comp CSI return down as
much as I think two two and a half a% in
the opening minutes have certainly come
up lows of the day.
[Music]
Welcome back. So, the NBA has returned
to China with some preseason games in
Macau. 6 years after the fallout, of
course, over the protest in Hong Kong
put the relationship on ice. Steven
Angel, our chief North Asia
correspondent, sent this report.
[Applause]
Six-time NBA All-Star and Hall of Famer
Mitch Richmond is part of the NBA's,
dare I say, fullcourt press to win back
fans in China after a six-year freeze of
its annual China games. You could say
the relationship has been hit and miss.
The league had been playing preseason
games on the mainland since 2004,
building a massive and lucrative fan
base. That came to a screeching halt in
2019 after one team executive posted on
social media support for Hong Kong's
protests, angering Beijing. 6 years on,
the NBA China games are back, but now in
the Chinese gambling hub of Macau
through a multi-year deal with Las Vegas
Sands.
>> There's a lot going on with basketball
in terms of future potential, but I
think it's going to be investment and I
think there's a huge opportunity here in
China. Simply put, China is a market
that's too big for the NBA to ignore.
And for China, the NBA is too popular
for it to ignore. S&P says a staggering
half of China's adult netisonens watch
NBA games online, including one NBA
player who's from China.
>> I feel blessed, you know, be a part of
his family. Since I was a kid, I was
watching on the TV. Now, right now, I'm
a it's like a dream come true for me.
You know, from my perspective, it's
always been an extreme amount of love. I
have, you know, a tremendous amount of
respect for, you know, the the country
of China, and they have the same for us.
>> A sentiment echoed by former football
great David Beckham, who was on hand as
a multiple brand ambassador in China and
told me he believes sports has the
ability to break down barriers, soft
power, if you will. You know, my my
connection started a long time ago with
China. And every time that I go into a
new country, a new city, I jump into the
culture straight away. So, it's about
the food, it's about the people, it's
about the fans. This year's NBA China
Games in Macau feature two teams that,
while they've come close, have actually
never won the NBA title. But there may
be another prize at hand, and that is
winning over fans for their teams in the
greater China region. especially now
that the former Houston Rockets center
Yao Ming has been out of the league for
more than a decade now. The two teams
are the Phoenix Suns at the far basket
and also the Brooklyn Nets. Oh, by the
way, the Nets are owned by Alibaba
co-founder Joe Thai. Yaming is no longer
with the Houston Rockets and I rather
spend more time in New York than in
Houston. And I'm going to make the Nets
China's team.
Call it a draw on China bragging rights
as the Nets and Sun split their two
games here at the Venetian Arena.
Stephen Angel, Bloomberg News, Macau.
>> So cool. All right, if you're a
subscriber and want to rewatch all the
interviews and Steve's package, of
course, you can watch it through our
interactive TV function, TV go. You can
also become part of the conversation and
send us instant messages. Check it out
at TV go.
[Music]
All right, chicken markets, chicken
movers here this morning. You continue
to see some downside when it comes to
Hangen. We're down by about 2% here
right now. Now you are seeing a little
bit strength coming through in the
currency here. Of course after that
strong fixing from the BBC here today
but certainly in terms of what to watch
we're watching some of the key
technicals are watching the likes of
rare earth for example of course they
have been at the center of this whole US
China trade spat as well. So some of
which you know they've seen in Australia
and China have been climbing uh as we
continue to watch some of these
developments coming through here as
well. But you've been watching some of
the technicals overall Dave. Yeah, going
into today, I mean, looking at the the
the drop that we had on Friday did
indicate maybe a 3% drop was likely
going to be one of the scenarios to
consider today. And a 3% would have
would have taken us to the blue line,
which is a 50-day, which is effectively
where we are right now. Uh this uh this
note just dropped in our inboxes. This
is out of UBS, James Wang and his team.
And he says the question is, is this a
replay of the April selloff? He says if
we don't get to that point quite a bit,
we will see some bottom fishing which he
says will lead to the index bouncing off
if any we test the 74 handle. This is
what he had to say here.
>> Yeah. Well supported he says right that
would bring us back to levels that we
saw in May 9th
>> right before the previous tariff rees
deescalation and 15% from some of the
current levels here so far. So that's a
take uh from the UBS side of things
here. We talked about what really has
been the pain point or at least where
we're seeing the biggest price action.
Uh for one thing, it's it's the rare
earth stocks. So those have been
actually moving on the upside here when
it comes to Australia in China for
example here as of course the spat
intensifies. Uh so there you go. You
actually are seeing quite a bit of
movement there. China exporter stocks
certainly that's sort of be the focus
here given the threat of course of 100%
tariffs on Chinese goods. There you go.
You are seeing a bit of a movement there
to the downside. Tungfu micro
electronics for example is down some 5%.
EV makers also is part of that story I
guess you could say when it comes to the
exporters side of things as well but
there you go you are seeing uh because
we did see some NEV sales did grow about
15 point a.5% but today it really is
kind of a riskoff session in some of
these especially when it comes to China
tech overall D. Yeah, in fact just on on
the Alibaba note and that's coming up on
your screens right now. This one
actually just coming through in the last
hour or so. So higher which is not the
description of the direction not of
markets today. That's the that's the
appliance maker of course coming through
with Alibaba and signing this AI
cooperation pact. Uh scant details uh
this was a statement out of WeChat or
put on WeChat. The partnership between
the two will focus in areas like AI plus
cloud advanced manufacturing also
e-commerce and also global uh expansion
just to note but of course today's where
a catch down trade as far as both uh
things go. Uh before we wrap up the show
a look at ne in the next hour so we're
looking at this massive move on Friday
and overnight high that spike you see of
about 107 basis points at 245. This
updates in about 15 minutes or so but we
will leave you with a look something on
a more positive notes. Markets are
coming off the lows. US futures, dollar
yen, VIX futures are also as you can see
um not acting as much dollar and we're
also looking at Aussen of course which
is a good indicator for capital. Yeah,
as Hol mentioned, right? If you take a
look what poly market and when some
people are betting on whether, you know,
we still continue to see some sort of
resolution on the trade front as well.
You know, you see signs possibly of that
taco trade maybe reemerging here this
morning. That's it for us here on the
China show. Insight is next.